So you learned a lot about the Javascript syntax and how to write Javascript code and obviously that's
what this course is about.
Now in this module, we'll also dive in an important related topic
and that would be performance optimizations because of course it's nice that we're able to write Javascript
code but we want to write good Javascript code and most importantly, you should be able to find out whether
you wrote code that offers a good performance to your end users or whether there are things you can
improve or you might need to fix to avoid a bad user experience.
Specifically in this module, we'll have a look at what exactly performance is because it turns out that
is rather a broad term and it can be a lot of different things.
We'll also have a look at some tools or approaches of measuring and analyzing performance and finding
out how our application behaves.
We'll also dive into some potential optimization ideas on how you could improve your code and what you
should watch out for
and I will also guide you to some additional resources because the whole topic of optimizing performance
does not stop at Javascript,
wWhat this course of course is about but actually includes a broad variety of things
and even for Javascript, it turns out there are a lot of different use cases.
So in this module, I want to get you started,
we'll dive deeply into all the important concepts but thereafter I'll also give you the tools so that
you can build up on this and analyze and optimize any part of your web site, of your web application.
So let's dive right in.